>> Jen: So this is another you try
it where you're gonna be working
with something as your own.
So I'm gonna get you started here with
this and show you how this works.
So we spent an entire day working
with flexbox as a hack, right?
That was that whole grid thing.
But we did complete one exercise
where we used flexbox as we
should laying out an image gallery, right?
So in this exercise we wanna
combine yesterday's flexbox
image gallery with the grid
layout of today's webpage.
So what I've given you here in your begin
folder for chapter 17 is two things.
One is yesterday's flex box
gallery exercise, okay?
So you've got,
>> Jen: The gallery all
by itself okay, and
that bit of HTML and CSS.
And also you have a folder here for
the pie and history
page laid out as grid, which you can use
the one if you just coded that up and
you wanna use that, that's totally fine.
Or you can use mine,
>> Jen: And mine looks like this, okay.
So we're gonna put these
two things together so
that you wind up with a gallery page.
I'll show you what that looks like as
well.
>> Jen: So
we built one of these
yesterday in flexbox.
This is the pie gallery now.
The rest of the page is
laid out using grid, but
the these images in the middle
are laid out using flexbox, all right?
And you'll see here that they change their
layout depending on the screen size, okay?